A collections of clues your friends put together for you
How many other dresses were twins with yours? (From Alexis), two
Remember when we tried having a nice study date together and this old man would NOT leave so we could sit together to have coffee? Where were we at? (From Alexis), Philz
The station code where Liz ended up on PSA's final journey in Spain (From Janet), JEA 
Because  Janet was running late (as usual): when Janet and Rosa 'snuck' you into a closing Spanish cathedral the excuse we used is that we needed to look for your _____ (From Janet), Wallet
Housemate you've known the longest, Erika
What you won with a whole lot of cows (From Erika), Agricola
Expert in Spanish cinema who may or may not be banned from Uruguay (From Kyle), Ruffinelli
City where you lied to get into a cathedral (From Kyle), Sevilla
You're the ____ to my fun! (From Alice), flirty
Common prefix of the instruments Alice and Jennie play (From Alice), viol
In Madrid and beyond you are the queen of this. (From Anna Ben and Marissa), patatas
You wormed your way drunkenly up this location of the house in Tahoe. (From Anna), stairs
This Enrique Iglesias song was the soundtrack for much of our flamenco studies (From Ben), Bailando
In a fantasy world you would love to live here (From Robert), New Zealand
Our least favorite aspect of the Farmhillaga building. (From Robert), Thin walls
What's a frat bro's favorite meal? (From Winston), steeeaaak
What do you call someone who is winning a board game against you? (From Winston), meaniebutt
The texture of watermelon (From Kiko), bullshit
The game that keeps you up at night (From Kiko), Set
The baked good you and I make most often (From Kati), Scones
The question topic that clinched a critical trivia night win (From Kati), Colors
We bonded in Madrid because all of our friends are always ____. (From Marissa), Late
The varietal of wine we played rage cage with after you turned in your honors thesis. You may have to dig through some old photos for this one ;) (From Feddi), Burgundy
What you wore to opening rehearsal/under your dress at vball, Feddicoat
A good spot to discuss life with a BDF (best doof forever) before entering the workforce; a cafe in Boston (from Michael), RENDER
Childhood choreography that is just as fun in the Jerry lounge (From Michael), HOTNCOLD
Family friend who 'loses' bunko so that she can win a prize (From Sarah), Lynnice
Where can you find a democrat and eat it too? (From Sarah), torchys
Humphrey Motherfuckin... (From Brahm), Slocombe
What does your rice sometimes lack? (From Brahm), Salt
Chocolate's bald man (From Brahm), Max Brenner
The dude Brahm pretends to call, Phil 